[docs] Updating Kubernetes upgrade instruction (#25286)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/platform/k8s/helm/run.mdx

$ kubectl delete pod <name of Vault pod>
```

> If Vault is deployed using `ha` mode, the standby pods must be upgraded first. Before deleting the pod, make sure to remove the node from the raft by running `vault operator raft remove-peer <server_id>`. To confirm that the node has been successfully removed from Raft, you can run vault operator raft list-peers. Only after confirming the removal should you delete the pod.
> 
> > If you remove the pod directly without properly removing the node from the cluster, Raft will be unaware of the correct number of nodes in the cluster. This can trigger a leader election, potentially causing downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you deployed Vault in high availability (`ha`) mode, you must upgrade your
standby pods before upgrading the active pod. 

Before deleting the standby pod, remove the associated node from the raft with
`vault operator raft remove-peer <server_id>`.

To confirm that the node was successfully removed from Raft, run
`vault operator raft list-peers`.

Once you confirm the removal succeeded, you can delete the pod.

<Warning title="Delete nodes to avoid unnecessary leader elections">

Removing a pod without deleting the node from its cluster first means that the
number of nodes Raft
will be unaware of the correct number of nodes in the cluster. This can trigger a leader election, potentially causing downtime.

</Warning>
```

Style correction: write in active voice, make explicit instructions easy to see at a glance.

$ kubectl delete pod <name of Vault pod>
```

If you deployed Vault in high availability (`ha`) mode, you must upgrade your
standby pods before upgrading the active pod. 

Before deleting the standby pod, remove the associated node from the raft with
`vault operator raft remove-peer <server_id>`.

To confirm that the node was successfully removed from Raft, run
`vault operator raft list-peers`.

Once you confirm the removal succeeded, you can delete the pod.

<Warning title="Delete nodes to avoid unnecessary leader elections">

> Removing a pod without deleting the node from its cluster first means that the
> number of nodes Raft
> will be unaware of the correct number of nodes in the cluster. This can trigger a leader election, potentially causing downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removing a pod without first deleting the node from its cluster means that
Raft will be aware of the correct number of nodes in the cluster. Not knowing
the correct number of nodes can trigger a leader election, which can potentially
cause unneeded downtime.
```
Style correction: writein active voice, avoid "this" as a pronoun

$ kubectl delete pod <name of Vault pod>
```

If you deployed Vault in high availability (`ha`) mode, you must upgrade your

> standby pods before upgrading the active pod. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
standby pods before upgrading the active pod:
```

> Before deleting the standby pod, remove the associated node from the raft with
> `vault operator raft remove-peer <server_id>`.
> 
> To confirm that the node was successfully removed from Raft, run
> `vault operator raft list-peers`.
> 
> Once you confirm the removal succeeded, you can delete the pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Before deleting the standby pod, remove the associated node from the raft
   with `vault operator raft remove-peer <server_id>`.
1. Confirm Vault removed the node successfully from Raft with
   `vault operator raft list-peers`.
1. Once you confirm the removal, delete the pod.
```

Suggest making it obvious these are instructions by numbering them

<Warning title="Delete nodes to avoid unnecessary leader elections">

Removing a pod without first deleting the node from its cluster means that

> Raft will be aware of the correct number of nodes in the cluster. Not knowing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raft will not be aware of the correct number of nodes in the cluster. Not knowing
```

I'm guessing that should be "will not"?
